Changed default label selector (#78)
linkerd/linkerd-failover: README.md

The following Helm values are available:

- `selector`: determines which `TrafficSplit` instances to consider for

>   failover. It defaults to `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by={{.Release.Name}}`

Reviewer: shouldn't this say
```suggestion
  failover. It defaults to `failover.linkerd.io/controlled-by={{.Release.Name}}`
```
